# test_repo
 Test repo for CDT Data Management
 
 Typo for editing later
 
 I have decided to expand upon my readme. There is much to read.
 
 SECOND DRAFT

								October 22, 1998







		"While stands the Colosseum, Rome shall stand.
		When falls the Colosseum, Rome shall fall.
		And when Rome falls -- the World."

							Byron



FADE IN:

EXT.  FOREST - DAY

Germania.  The far reaches of the Roman Empire.

Winter 180 A.D.

Incongruously enough, the first sound we hear is a
beautiful tenor voice.  Singing.  A boy's voice.

CREDITS as we hear the haunting song float through dense
forests.  We finally come to a rough, muddy road slashing
through the forest.  On the road a GERMAN PEASANT FATHER
is herding along three sickly looking cows.  His two SONS
are with him.  His youngest son sits on one of the cows
and sings a soft, plaintive song.

They become aware of another sound behind them on the road
-- the creak of wood, the slap of metal on leather.  The
Father immediately leads his cattle and his sons off the
road.  They stand-still, eyes down:  the familiar posture
of subjugated peoples throughout history.

A wagon train rumbles past them.  Three ornate wagons
followed by a mounted cohort of fifty heavily-armed
PRAETORIAN GUARDS.

The young boy dares to glance up at the passing Romans.
His eyes burn with hatred.

INT.  WAGON - DAY

Mist momentarily obscures a man's face.  Frozen breath.
The man is in his 20's, imperious and handsome.  He is
swathed in fur, only his face exposed.  He is COMMODUS.

He glances up.

					COMMODUS
		Do you think he's really dying?

The woman across from him returns his gaze evenly.  She is
slightly older, beautiful and patrician.  A formidable
woman.

She is LUCILLA.

					LUCILLA
		He's been dying for ten years.

					COMMODUS
		I think he's really dying this time.

A beat.  Their breath turns instantly to mist.

					COMMODUS
		He has to be bled every night now.

					LUCILLA
		How do you know that?

					COMMODUS
		I've been so informed.

She arches an eyebrow.

					COMMODUS
		If he weren't really dying he
		wouldn't have sent for us.

					LUCILLA
			(a smile)
		Maybe he just misses us.

					COMMODUS
		And the Senators.  He wouldn't have
		summoned them if --

					LUCILLA
		Peace, Commodus.  After two weeks on
		the road your incessant scheming is
		hurting my head.

A beat.

					COMMODUS
		The first thing I shall do is honor
		him with games worthy of his
		majesty.

					LUCILLA
		The first thing I shall do is have a
		hot bath.

The wagon rumbles to a halt.  Voices are heard outside.

Commodus leaps out...

EXT.  WAGON - OUTPOST - DAY

Three Roman SOLDIERS guard an outpost, a watchtower, on
the roadside.

					COMMODUS
		Why have we stopped?

					PRAETORIAN GUARD MEMBER
		We're here, sir.

					COMMODUS
			(to Soldier #1)
		Where is my father?

					SOLDIER #1
		He's at the front, sir.

					COMMODUS
		Is the battle won?

					SOLDIER #1
		Don't know, sir.  They've been gone
		for eight days.

Commodus tosses off his furs -- beneath them he wears a
beautiful set of Lorica Segmentata -- the traditional
formed armor of Rome.  He moves to a horse as:

					COMMODUS
			(to Soldier #1)
		My sister wants a bath, take her to
		the camp.
			(to Soldier #2)
		Take me to my father.

He leaps onto the horse and canters back to the Praetorian
Guard unit.

Soldier #2 climbs on his horse and leads them.  Commodus
rides off with most of the Praetorian Guard unit.

Lucilla peeks her head from the wagon.  She glances at the
remaining soldiers.  Distinctly unpromising.

					LUCILLA
			(dry)
		Civilization at last.  Gods preserve
		us.

EXT.  HILL - TWILIGHT

The mighty catapults dwarf the humans.  Soldiers from the
elite Felix Regiment -- a legion of the Roman Army -- haul
the monstrous machines up a hill.

The commanding General of the Felix Regiment, MAXIMUS,
walks between two of the catapults.  He is a striking and
intense man in his 30's.  Like all the soldiers who
surround him, he is caked with mud and exhausted.

He trudges up the hill with his two lieutenants, TITUS and
QUINTUS.

					TITUS
		You would do as well to read the
		mind of a rhinoceros.

					QUINTUS
		These barbarians would rather drown
		in blood than yield an inch.  If I
		didn't hate them so much I would
		admire them.

They have reached the top of the hill.  Stunning martial
preparations are underway.  The catapults join ten others.
Archers are taking up position.  Brutal "Scorpions" --
devices for firing multiple crossbow bolts -- are being
loaded.  Soldiers are also loading the catapults with
enormous "Greek fire pots" -- large, round terra cotta
pots.

Maximus and his lieutenants gaze down from the hilltop.
Below them they can see a German encampment.

					TITUS
		They simply will not surrender.

A beat as Maximus gazes down at the German position.

					MAXIMUS
			(quietly)
		A people should know when they are
		conquered.

A beat.

					MAXIMUS
		At the first signal release the
		catapults.  We'll use the cavalry to
		cut off the retreat.

					QUINTUS
		General, I don't recommend that.
		Our cavalry might be caught in the
		flames.

					MAXIMUS
		I hope not, because I'm going to be
		leading them.

A beat as he gazes down at the enemy.

					MAXIMUS
		Why don't they know they're already
		dead?

EXT.  TREES - TWILIGHT

Maximus and Titus are on their horses, the cavalry of two
hundred Felix Regiment warriors surrounds them.  Steam
flares from their horses' nostrils.  They wait in a thick
stand of trees -- the German position can be seen across a
muddy plain.

A large wolf -- "The Wolf of Rome" -- waits at Maximus'
side.

Maximus nods to an archer.  The archer lights the tip of
an arrow and sends it flaming into the night sky.

EXT.  HILLTOP - TWILIGHT

Quintus waits.  The catapults are loaded and waiting.  So
too the Scorpions.  So too the 200 archers of the Felix
Regiment.

He sees the flaming arrow flying up from below.

					QUINTUS
		Now!

The mighty catapults are released.  The Greek fire pots
arc dramatically through the air.  A moment later soldiers
release the Scorpions and hundreds of bolts streak through
the sky.  The archers fire a murderous barrage of flaming
arrows.

EXT.  TREES - TWILIGHT

The screaming is almost immediate.

Maximus and his cavalry watch as the fire pots crash down
into the German encampment.

EXT.  GERMAN CAMP - TWILIGHT

The fire pots shatter -- pitch splashes everywhere --
seconds later the bolts and flaming arrows slice down and
ignite the pitch -- FLAME EXPLODES -- it is a hellish,
napalm-like vision -- the conflagration illuminating the
twilight.

The deadly rain of flaming arrows spreads terror through
the German camp --

EXT.  TREES - TWILIGHT

Maximus watches the German camp.

					MAXIMUS
			(to his men)
		Hold steady... steady...

He can see the nightmare destruction of the encampment
continuing -- fire pots and Scorpion bolts and flaming
arrows -- panic in the German encampment.

					MAXIMUS
		Steady...

He sees the Germans begin fleeing across the plain.  He
quickly raises his sword and whispers a prayer, then turns
to his men:

					MAXIMUS
		Brothers -- I salute you!  For Rome!

He spurs his horse and races out of the trees to the
plain...

EXT.  PLAIN - BATTLEGROUND - TWILIGHT

Maximus leads the terrifying and relentless cavalry charge
-- Titus at his side -- the Felix Regiment screams out
fearsome war cries as they gallop across the muddy plain
toward the Germans --

Fire pots and flaming arrows are crashing down everywhere
around them --

The cavalry SLAMS into the Germans at full gallop --

It is carnage.

The Felix Regiment warriors slash ruthlessly with short
swords -- slicing a path of sheer destruction through the
Germans -- but the Germans fight with equal brutality --
and the Germans also fight with the desperation of a
hopeless last chance -- they pull and spear Roman soldiers
off horses whenever they can --

Maximus spins his horse and swings his sword with expert
efficiency -- a spear stabs through the neck of his horse
and it immediately collapses forward --

Maximus sails over the horse's head and crashes to the
muddy ground -- he jumps up and is in the midst of the
battle --

The flaming arrows and exploding fire pots create a
ferocious inferno everywhere around the battle -- the
flames silhouetting the fighting --

On the ground, Maximus proves his absolute worth as a
warrior -- he hacks and dodges -- ghastly images of true
ancient warfare -- Maximus' eyes burn with a zealous fire
as he fights for his life --

He finds he is momentarily at a terrible disadvantage --
Germans are surrounding him from all sides -- as he fights
he looks for an advantage -- for his soldiers -- for
anything -- he is doomed --

Then -- an almost mystical image -- Maximus' wolf leaps
through a wall of flame --

"The Wolf of Rome" savages several Germans around Maximus
-- giving him the help he needed.
